Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1025.0.0 (#4493)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-0-0-multitenant-sharing-mode-controls-for-asset-and-property-definitions.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Multitenant sharing mode controls for asset and property definitions."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Multitenant sharing mode controls for asset and property definitions"
```

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-QHu1GdukP"
      label: "Feature"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2810"
version: "1025.0.0"
---

> In enterprise-subtenant setups, the Digital Twin Manager previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In subtenants in {{< enterprise-tenant >}} setups, the Digital Twin Manager previously
```

lacked controls to reflect the active multitenant sharing configuration.
This meant subtenants could attempt to create or modify definitions

> regardless of the sharing mode configured at the enterprise tenant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regardless of the sharing mode configured at the {{< enterprise-tenant >}}
```

level.

> The Add asset definition and Add property definition buttons are now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Add asset definition** and **Add property definition** buttons are now
```

> disabled when the definitions.multitenant.sharing.mode tenant option is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
disabled when the `definitions.multitenant.sharing.mode` tenant option is
```

set to enabled. Hovering over either button displays a tooltip
explaining why the action is not allowed. When the mode is set to
invalid, the buttons are also disabled and a tooltip indicates that the
sharing mode setting is invalid. When the mode is disabled, both buttons
are enabled and standard permission checks apply. Users will see an info

> message on the definition view page indicating that the definition is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
message in the definition view indicating that the definition is
```

> shared from the enterprise/management tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shared from the {{< enterprise-tenant >}}/{{< management-tenant >}}.
```

> These changes affect users working in subtenants of an enterprise setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These changes affect users working in subtenants of an {{< enterprise-tenant >}} setup.
```
